README.md, before:

# pp2-stealparkmeter
Simple parking meters robbery, another illegal way to get money ;)

# Config
```
Config.extractTime = 14000 -- seconds it takes to remove money from meter
Config.meterDistance = 2.5 -- distance from meter
Config.policeCallInActionStart = false -- call police when player start stealing
Config.policeCallInActionEnd = true -- call police when player end stealing
Config.policeCallInActionFail = true -- call police when player fail stealing
Config.stealRequiredItem = "advancedlockpick" -- item required to start stealing
Config.parkMeterModels = {-1940238623, 2108567945} -- parkMeterModels in fivem
Config.MinMoneyWorth = 10 -- minimum money player can get from meter
Config.MaxMoneyWorth = 100 -- max money
Config.cooldownTimer = 60 * 60 * 1000 -- meter cooldown to be stolen again
Config.parkMeterRemoveOnSteal = false -- if false a marker will be shown in place
Config.parkMeterRemoveDistance = 50 -- distance to, show stolen marker, or remove meter entity

```

# Dependencies:
qb-core: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core

qb-target: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-target

qb-policejob: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-policejob

ps-ui: https://github.com/Project-Sloth/ps-ui.git

# Installation:
1- Copy pp2-stealparkmeter in ressources

2- Enjoy :)

# Preview
<p align="left">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/7jXws3T.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-1" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/9bPNKDh.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-3" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Q62H19F.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-4" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/JDEQpMM.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-5" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/D7Uyz9O.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-5" width="400"/>
</p>

Commit message:

new logic for stealing, more strict, more money, more risque :D

README.md, after:

# pp2-stealparkmeter
Simple parking meters robbery, another illegal way to get money ;)

# Config
```
Config.extractTime = 14000 -- seconds it takes to remove money from meter
Config.meterDistance = 2.5 -- distance from meter
Config.requiredCopsCount = 2 -- required cops count to start stealing
Config.policeCallInActionStart = false -- call police when player start stealing
Config.policeCallInActionEnd = true -- call police when player end stealing
Config.policeCallInActionFail = true -- call police when player fail stealing
Config.stealRequiredItem = "advancedlockpick" -- item required to start stealing
Config.parkMeterModels = {-1940238623, 2108567945} -- parkMeterModels in fivem
Config.MinMoneyWorth = 10 -- minimum money player can get from meter
Config.MaxMoneyWorth = 100 -- max money
Config.cooldownTimer = 60 * 60 * 1000 -- meter cooldown to be stolen again
Config.parkMeterRemoveOnSteal = false -- if false a marker will be shown in place
Config.parkMeterRemoveDistance = 50 -- distance to, show stolen marker, or remove meter entity
Config.RemoveRequiredItemChance = 50 -- value between 1 and 100 (100 will always be removed, 0 will never be removed)

```

# Dependencies:
qb-core: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-core

qb-target: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-target

qb-policejob: https://github.com/qbcore-framework/qb-policejob

ps-ui: https://github.com/Project-Sloth/ps-ui.git

# Installation:
1- Copy pp2-stealparkmeter in ressources

2- Enjoy :)

# Preview
<p align="left">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/7jXws3T.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-1" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/9bPNKDh.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-3" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Q62H19F.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-4" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/JDEQpMM.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-5" width="400"/>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/D7Uyz9O.jpg" alt="pp2-stealparkmeter-5" width="400"/>
</p>
